Q.1. Can you tell me about yourself?
ans - Sure, so, my name is Gaurish Karpe, I've been working in my core field since last 5 years
In the year 2022, I have seen the demand for IT jobs sky-rocketed, thats why I have decided to make a transition 
in my carrier for better growth and oppertunities 

Q.2. What is your greatest strength?
ans- My greatest strength is that I can think on my feet and can work under alot of pressure.
In one of my company, My senior told me to make some necassarry arrangements at our mine site as
the CEO will be visiting for inspection.I was in first shift that day and have to manage my work as 
shift incharge and the work told by my senior officer. Even after my shift was ended at 2:00 in the after noon 
I waited till the end of second shift to get all the work done.The second shift ended at 10 and I showed up next
day exactly at my shift timing that is 6:00 AM in the morning. All the inspection was done by The CEO by 11:30
my senior officer praised me for my work.

Q.3. What are your greatest weaknesses?
ans- My greatest weakness is time-management.I've always been very detailed oriented, so it sometimes takes
me a longer to finish a project than I initially think it will.

Q.4. Why should I hire you?
ans- I should be hired for this role because of my relevent skills and passion towards the industry.
I am a creative and innovative thinker who enjoys exploring new ideas and can add value for the growth of 
company.
my positive attitude, work ethics and long term goals align with the job requirements making me committed
and valuable asset for the organisation 

Q.5. Where do you see yourself in five years?
ans- In five years, I see myself as an integral part of the company who has helped contribute to the growth
and success of the organisation.
I would like to continue developing my skills and knowledge in order to be able to take more responsiblities 
within the company.

Q.6. Can you describe your ideal company, location and job?
ans-I would like to do job in a company where I can enhance my skill and knowledge as a professional.
My ideal company is like where I can get job satisfaction and use all of my potential.
My ideal location is that where I have a chance to learn new things and people around me are honest 
to their work.

Q.7. Why do you want to work for our company?
ans-As a fresher, I'm looking for an opportunity to grow my career. My current skills are well-suited
to your company. I think this company is the best platform for me to start my career and I can add great value
to the company's growth.

Q.8. What are your career options at the moment?
ans-Without any experience, I can't think of Carrier options. As of now, I am looking for an opportunity to
gain skills, knowledge, and experience and then I can easily achieve a higher position.

Q.9. Can you work under pressure?
ans-Working under pressure is nothing but just a challenge for me. If we wanted to learn new things
then it is easy to work under pressure.

Q.10. Are you willing to relocate or travel?
ans-Yes, I am willing to relocate. Because I am used to it. And it's a great chance for me to explore new
places and to meet new people. And working with new people will give more new ideas
and experience also.
